2020.2.2:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue of System clock pin updating to default value
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with certain Refclk frequencies not available.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 2)
 * General: Added device support for GTY devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 1.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Updated RX PPM values for different line rates
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 1.3
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue to enable diff term selected during IP customization
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 10)
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated refclk sharing limitation for higher linerates.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 9)
 * Added device support for Virtex US+ HBM devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 8)
 * Added device support for new Virtex and Zynq device family.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 7)
 * Updated to use latest subcore gtwizard_ultrascale_v1_7.

2017.1:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 6)
 * Added support for caher devices.
 * Added advance settings feature.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 5)
 * Updated synthesis wrapper to divide core generation info into multiple lines.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Updated core to use latest sub-cores.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Removed system clock pin lock update dependency on its IO standard.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Added support for Virtex Ultrascale Plus devices (GTY)
 * Added support for 36 quads.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No change.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 1.2
 * Changed the default value to bitstring of parameters whoes value format is bitstring and value was hex.
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Added optional port txoutclk_o. This port is enabled only when user selects option Add_RXOUTCLK Probes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Added XSDB reg to reset lutram FIFO.

2015.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * Changed minor version.
 * Removed System clock and RXOUT clock N pin tab from GUI.
 * Renamed some model parameter names.
 * Fixed the issue of underreporting number of errors.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Added new parameter C_USE_MDM.
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * Updated files to use gtwizard_ultrascale_v1_5

2014.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added new parameter C_USE_MDM.
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Native Vivado Release

(c) Copyright 2014 - 2021 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
